com/olgag/mngclients/activities/WorkCard.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.activities.WorkCard
 com.olgag.mngclients.activities.WorkCard$1
com/olgag/mngclients/activities/StartApp.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.activities.StartApp
 com.olgag.mngclients.activities.StartApp$1
 com.olgag.mngclients.activities.StartApp$2
com/olgag/mngclients/controler/Alert.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.controler.Alert
com/olgag/mngclients/db/NotesDBHelper.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.NotesDBHelper
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.NotesDBHelper$1
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.NotesDBHelper$10
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.NotesDBHelper$11
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.NotesDBHelper$12
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.NotesDBHelper$2
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.NotesDBHelper$3
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.NotesDBHelper$4
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.NotesDBHelper$5
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.NotesDBHelper$6
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.NotesDBHelper$7
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.NotesDBHelper$8
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.NotesDBHelper$9
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.NotesDBHelper$OnGetDateSuccess
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.NotesDBHelper$OnGetSMSTemplateSuccess
com/olgag/mngclients/fragments/OrderFragment.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.fragments.OrderFragment
com/olgag/mngclients/activities/Login.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.activities.Login
 com.olgag.mngclients.activities.Login$1
 com.olgag.mngclients.activities.Login$2
 com.olgag.mngclients.activities.Login$3
 com.olgag.mngclients.activities.Login$4
 com.olgag.mngclients.activities.Login$5
com/olgag/mngclients/model/Client.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.model.Client
 com.olgag.mngclients.model.Client$1
 com.olgag.mngclients.model.Client$2
com/olgag/mngclients/controler/OrderAdapter.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.controler.OrderAdapter
 com.olgag.mngclients.controler.OrderAdapter$OnOrderClickListener
 com.olgag.mngclients.controler.OrderAdapter$OrderHolder
 com.olgag.mngclients.controler.OrderAdapter$OrderHolder$1
com/olgag/mngclients/methods/MethodsForApp.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.methods.MethodsForApp
 com.olgag.mngclients.methods.MethodsForApp$1
com/olgag/mngclients/db/AppointmentDBHelper.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.AppointmentDBHelper
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.AppointmentDBHelper$1
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.AppointmentDBHelper$2
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.AppointmentDBHelper$3
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.AppointmentDBHelper$4
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.AppointmentDBHelper$5
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.AppointmentDBHelper$6
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.AppointmentDBHelper$7
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.AppointmentDBHelper$8
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.AppointmentDBHelper$9
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.AppointmentDBHelper$OnSetArrAppointmentStart
com/olgag/mngclients/activities/AddUpdateOrder.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.activities.AddUpdateOrder
com/olgag/mngclients/activities/AddUpdateClient.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.activities.AddUpdateClient
com/olgag/mngclients/activities/MainActivity.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.activities.MainActivity
 com.olgag.mngclients.activities.MainActivity$1
com/olgag/mngclients/db/OrderDBHelper.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.OrderDBHelper
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.OrderDBHelper$1
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.OrderDBHelper$10
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.OrderDBHelper$11
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.OrderDBHelper$12
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.OrderDBHelper$13
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.OrderDBHelper$14
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.OrderDBHelper$15
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.OrderDBHelper$2
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.OrderDBHelper$3
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.OrderDBHelper$4
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.OrderDBHelper$5
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.OrderDBHelper$6
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.OrderDBHelper$7
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.OrderDBHelper$8
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.OrderDBHelper$9
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.OrderDBHelper$OnGetAllClientsOrderSuccess
com/olgag/mngclients/BuildConfig.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.BuildConfig
com/olgag/mngclients/db/ClientDBHelper.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.ClientDBHelper
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.ClientDBHelper$1
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.ClientDBHelper$10
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.ClientDBHelper$11
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.ClientDBHelper$12
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.ClientDBHelper$13
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.ClientDBHelper$14
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.ClientDBHelper$15
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.ClientDBHelper$16
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.ClientDBHelper$2
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.ClientDBHelper$3
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.ClientDBHelper$4
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.ClientDBHelper$5
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.ClientDBHelper$6
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.ClientDBHelper$7
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.ClientDBHelper$8
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.ClientDBHelper$9
 com.olgag.mngclients.db.ClientDBHelper$OnGetClientByIdSuccess
com/olgag/mngclients/controler/ClientAdapter.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.controler.ClientAdapter
 com.olgag.mngclients.controler.ClientAdapter$ClientHolder
 com.olgag.mngclients.controler.ClientAdapter$ClientHolder$1
com/olgag/mngclients/activities/SignatureActivity.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.activities.SignatureActivity
 com.olgag.mngclients.activities.SignatureActivity$1
com/olgag/mngclients/controler/MyPagerAdapter.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.controler.MyPagerAdapter
com/olgag/mngclients/controler/AppointmentAdapter.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.controler.AppointmentAdapter
 com.olgag.mngclients.controler.AppointmentAdapter$AppointmentHolder
 com.olgag.mngclients.controler.AppointmentAdapter$AppointmentHolder$1
 com.olgag.mngclients.controler.AppointmentAdapter$AppointmentHolder$2
com/olgag/mngclients/activities/SettingsActivity.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.activities.SettingsActivity
 com.olgag.mngclients.activities.SettingsActivity$1
 com.olgag.mngclients.activities.SettingsActivity$SettingsFragment
com/olgag/mngclients/fragments/DatePickerFragment.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.fragments.DatePickerFragment
 com.olgag.mngclients.fragments.DatePickerFragment$OnDateSetClickListener
com/olgag/mngclients/model/Appointment.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.model.Appointment
 com.olgag.mngclients.model.Appointment$1
com/olgag/mngclients/fragments/SetAppointmentDialogFragment.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.fragments.SetAppointmentDialogFragment
 com.olgag.mngclients.fragments.SetAppointmentDialogFragment$OnAppointmentSetClickListener
com/olgag/mngclients/model/Order.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.model.Order
 com.olgag.mngclients.model.Order$1
 com.olgag.mngclients.model.Order$2
 com.olgag.mngclients.model.Order$3
com/olgag/mngclients/fragments/AppointmentFragment.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.fragments.AppointmentFragment
 com.olgag.mngclients.fragments.AppointmentFragment$1
 com.olgag.mngclients.fragments.AppointmentFragment$2
com/olgag/mngclients/methods/DecimalDigitsInputFilter.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.methods.DecimalDigitsInputFilter
com/olgag/mngclients/fragments/ClientFragment.java
 com.olgag.mngclients.fragments.ClientFragment
